Just stand up. I just thought to tell, today we are doing, trying, I mean, drawing the ground
black in a way, picking up the the spot of the beautiful stupa, the upcoming. And this stupa,
we had envisioned and we hope so long since 1985, the same time we are building the Sangha house.
That time, many Sangha members are supporting help and donating money,
and Makkaduna made beautiful stupa model, a small one, to raise a pond for this.
And however, it is not exactly enough to really start it immediately. But after that, or soon after
at the same time, so many beautiful projects are coming one after another, coming up, and all those
are fulfilled by the Sangha members to support, as you all know. And now, again, we taught this,
after entering the Mahaparin nirvana, Kirmuchi, we taught to build this stupas. But again,
have so many beautiful projects in his honor and memories of many great masters and the Sangha
members. Again, support of the many Sangha members, we completed, we are completing now. And we're
so
grateful and thankful to all your support and help throughout all these things. And now,
these projects came out, we thought to do this, but then again, it's not just kind of how to start,
we always had a little bit of kind of hesitation. We started, we couldn't have enough, maybe we
have
to stay for a long time or stop for a long time and all those thoughts. But then again, the
blessings
of the Mahasambhava and all the enlightened beings, and suddenly, one of the very devotees came up
and mentioned that anonymously, for at least for a while, for anonymously to support this project.
And I was like, what they call it, I was blown away, blown away for a while. And even that time,
I said, oh, thank you very much, maybe I will start when, ask me when you think so. But maybe
this fall or sometimes maybe early next spring, all these things. But then, I thought last week,
but Sangha members are all here, here, and many members are coming. And also, a beautiful time,
timing was today, the turning wheel of Dharma. And this Stupa is representative of that very
monument. And therefore, then I thought, why we wait? Why should we wait? It must be really
started soon, and do that, at least we should start it. And then I mentioned that to immediately
learn, she thought that's great. And as well, then our Sangha members and everybody thought that's
wonderful. And so, that's what we are really starting with this, right this time. And I'm so
thankful and so grateful that donors and all those you donated the money and supported,
we have that money. So, we're going to add that with this point. And together, whatever the
contribution comes, we put add that and make this one with a very beautiful, glorious Stupa in
honor
of all the great Masters. And as well as also our such beautiful, many Sangha members who passed
away,
and particularly donors such a great Dharma patron, Bell Herman. And their memories, really, we're
going to build this to Buddha, Dharma, Sangha, and past and present and the future. We're going to
build this. And I think it's going to come so beautifully. And I'm so thankful and so grateful
to all of your supporters. This is what is blooming now, going to bloom. And so, thank you. This is
what we're doing today here. And thank you. Thank you very much everyone. And now, Loser La Iveda
is
also really supporting us. And all those drums are beaded. So, the drums are beaded. And now,
we will beat our drums. Thank you everyone. Thank you. And I try. And also, this blue print, this
blue
print is actually really like, like, look so many times. And Bell Herman and many Sangha members
look. And we designed this. We thought to build the Doll of the Aspicious, of the open the Doll
of the Aspicious, which is a symbol of the teaching, symbol of the Dharma. That is the today, the
turn
and the will of Dharma. So, this blue print that we made, I think maybe 12, 15, 13 years ago,
long time ago. And then, it's just been as a sleeping beauty. Today is waking up. So, thank you.
And even I really forget to have this blue print. Actually, myself forget that and have to talk to
make this have to blue print. I thought how we can do now. I made all this thought. And then,
suddenly came up. Blue print is really, and Patek did this. Patek did. And we put thought to put,
there's many dolls. The dolls and thought to put the Buddhas inside each of those. Those,
those are the kind of, we thought. And the kingdom would you look. And Bill looked. And many Sangha
members look to watch. And we all discussed. And this is really true. It's the old one.
One and we put them. So, thank you.
[Chanting]